okay I had bought this 12 gigabyte
PlayStation 3 playful to the wall and
then after every ways I had needed more
space I didn't have the money for a
harddrive so this is what I did
old HP laptop that I broke from throwing
I took the hard drive out of this is now
my PlayStation use no mounting brackets
I just kind of stuffed it in there and
packet tool paper a little bit this is a
500 gigabyte hard drive my controller
will come on
all right I faced my controller
see it's still the same PlayStation
that's hooked up with the HDMI cord to
my TV
system settings
ends information you see I got four
hundred and eight gigabytes free
hardness with the twelve gigabyte go
playstation if you have an old laptop
stick in your playstation 3 and you will
have four hundred gigs plus plus see a
500 gigabyte hard drive but all the data
that's all all there is to it